I joke first off no just tell me what's
this whole experience been like for you
playing ball at Wake Forest a great
institution going to the NFL Combine
what's this whole experience been like
for you over the last few years well
it's been fun I'm you know get to play
at a great university and wait for some
be around some great people
you got to play a great football you
know on Saturdays weekend and we count
against tough opponents so I was fun you
know in just the process you know going
to the NFL Combine was great you know
you get to see the coaches and um you
know people you see on TV you know and
you're like wishing you can meet them so
it's awesome it was just a great
opportunity to the first round today but
just this entire week in it well what
type of approach you're gonna take what
are gonna be doing during the NFL Draft
well I'm during the NFL Draft I'm gonna
sit at home and watch it with my family
um you know I think that we're just all
excited about this and I just think you
know it's a wonderful opportunity you
know whatever happens in the draft you
know I'm just going to be excited you
know get in there and play for a team
you know to be honor to play for anybody
have any teams maybe you reached out to
you you know maybe for interviews or
come up for a tryout or work out
anything like that or any team showing
heavy interesting yeah I'm actually um
had um a couple pre-draft visits with um
Dallas Miami and I'm Philadelphia and
they went great and um you know it was
just a great opportunity to go up there
and meet the GM the coaches sit down and
just you know talk football and you know
just talk about how college was so it's
a great opportunity and what if they I'm
sure they've what do they tell you about
you know you're gonna play guard at the
next level
yeah I'm guard a center on when I was at
the senior ball placement center there
and I was the first time I played Center
um since in high school but I can you
know I can snap the ball and all that
good stuff so I'm pretty sure gonna be
happy just to be drafted but do you have
a team and they said the dolphins were
yeah you know I grew up a Dolphins fan
you know I would love for them to pick
me up in the giraffe and be awesome you
know be close to home a family come down
and watch me play in NFL and but you
know it'd be awesome to play for anybody
you know be just a we're honor to just
say I play down with the best of the
best and some of your high school
teammates I have a chance of being
drafted Levon Brazil outstanding wide
receiver from Ohio you
versity if you were to get drafted you
were to get drafted me I'm pretty sure
that has to be special for you to a guy
you played high school ball with and you
know growing up oh yeah that's awesome
um you know lavon's a great guy and I
actually got a chance to see him a
couple times during this process and you
know he's real excited about it and you
know hopefully we can get together you
know congratulate on each other you know
if we get drafted during this time and
you know somewhere next couple days we
can you know get together and just from
graduate each other
beer awesome